Fixes cluster upgrade (#865)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/runai-setup/cluster-setup/cluster-upgrade.md

## Upgrade Run:ai cluster 

### Upgrade from version 2.15+
* In the Run:ai interface, navigate to `Clusters`.

> * Select the cluster you wish to upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select the cluster you want to upgrade.
```

* Click on `Get Installation instructions`.
* Choose the `Run:ai version` to be installed on the Cluster.
* Press `Continue`.
* Copy the [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) command provided in the `Installation Instructions` and run it on in the cluster.

> * In case of a failure, see the [Installation troubleshooting guide](../../troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md#installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the case of a failure, refer to the [Installation troubleshooting guide](../../troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md#installation).
```
